capital = 4

oob = "AUS_1936"
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "By Blood Alone" }
		set_air_oob = "AUS_1936_air_bba"
		set_technology = {
			aa_lmg = 1
			engines_1 = 1
			aircraft_construction = 1
			iw_small_airframe = 1
		}
	else = {
		set_air_oob = "AUS_1936_air_legacy"
		set_technology = {
			early_fighter = 1

		}
	}
}
set_research_slots = 3

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_support = 1		
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	basic_train = 1
}

recruit_character = AUS_miho_nishizumi
recruit_character = AUS_saori_takebe
recruit_character = AUS_hana_isuzu
recruit_character = AUS_yukari_akiyama
recruit_character = AUS_mako_reizei
recruit_character = AUS_anzu_kadotani
recruit_character = AUS_momo_kawashima
recruit_character = AUS_yuzu_koyama
recruit_character = AUS_erwin
recruit_character = AUS_oryou
recruit_character = AUS_saemonza
recruit_character = AUS_caesar
recruit_character = AUS_azusa_sawa
recruit_character = AUS_ayumi_yamagou
recruit_character = AUS_aya_oono
recruit_character = AUS_yuuki_utsugi
recruit_character = AUS_karina_sakaguchi
recruit_character = AUS_saki_maruyama
recruit_character = AUS_noriko_isobe
recruit_character = AUS_taeko_kondou
recruit_character = AUS_shinobu_kawanishi
recruit_character = AUS_akebi_sasaki
recruit_character = AUS_midoriko_sono
recruit_character = AUS_moyoko_gotou
recruit_character = AUS_nozomi_konparu
recruit_character = AUS_reira_nakajima
recruit_character = AUS_keiko_hoshino
recruit_character = AUS_maria_suzuki
recruit_character = AUS_tsuchiya
recruit_character = AUS_nekota
recruit_character = AUS_piyotan
recruit_character = AUS_momoga
recruit_character = AUS_ogin
recruit_character = AUS_murakami
recruit_character = AUS_cutlass
recruit_character = AUS_flint
recruit_character = AUS_rum

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = neutrality
	last_election = "1930.11.9"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	neutrality = 48
	fascism = 50
	democratic = 1
	communism = 1
}

set_stability = 0.50
